Q1)When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
Ans->When many people are working on a project.
when you want to access your work from remote devices
when you want your data to online and safe

Q2)Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Ans->It so may be the case that suppose many people are working on the project and the owner has done some changes to it bbut
i don't like those changes then if git automatically upadted my local repository then it would have been of no use to me.

Q3)Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Ans->Branch:
when you want to do experimental changes to the project on your system we normally do branching.
clone:
cloning can happen between github server and your local system or within diffrent places  in your system.
Fork:
Similar to clone but it creates a clone of forked repository on the github server only.
First you fork a repository ,clone it to your system that repository will become the remote having name origin.
to create other remote repositories you will have to choose a different name.

Q4)What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Ans->Having copy  the last known state of the remote branches helps determining how much ahead/previous/synced/unsynced are we of the remote repository and we can work offline with that information.

Q5)How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
ANs->If a group wants to work on a project then they can do so on github.where they can work on seperate aspects of the project 
,propose changes by making pull requests,for a beginner it can appear as it is hard but in the long run everyone is going to enjoy it.

Q6)When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Ans->when there are any experimental changes 
when you are not sure wheather or not they will fit perfect in master or not.
when you want to consult other people about your changes by making pull requests.
